[opening theme music playing]
-[rain splattering]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[growling]
[thunder rumbles]
[dog barking]
That's the alchemy of souls?
[thunder rumbles]
[intense music playing]
[Jang Uk]
Is my soul being shifted right now?
[intense music continues playing]
[soft music playing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[exhales deeply]
I'm in my body.
What just happened?
[Mu-deok gasps]
Jang Uk.
[suspenseful music playing]
Gil-ju, you bastard!
You managed to steal his body after all.
Mu-deok.
[Jang Uk grunts]
I was not strong enough
to protect him from you.
But I will not allow you
to live in my pupil's body.
I didn't know…
that you cared so much about Jang Uk.
-Shut up!
-[grunts]
Stop it!
It's me, Jang Uk.
Our souls didn't shift.
Mu-deok, look into my eyes.
Can't you tell it's me?
[soft music playing]
I'm the only person who can look at you
this close, remember?
Don't you recognize me?
[soft music continues playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[yells]
[screams]
[grunts]
[Mu-deok] He had the blue mark
of a shifter on his body.
His soul must have re-entered his own body
instead of entering into mine.
But why didn't I change?
No.
You've also changed. Look!
I see you no longer trembling
without the binding bracelet.
You're right.
I can freely move my arm now.
The Soul Ejector has made
your energy surge.
When you drank poison, your gate opened
and then allowed it to surge
with the Soul Ejector.
Jang Uk, you have no idea
how incredibly lucky you've been.
I am quite certain that you were there.
What?
[Gil-ju grunts]
[breathes heavily]
Why am I…
the only one like this?
You failed because your energy was
too weak to take over his body.
You're a soul shifter like me.
Naksu, you will also…
turn to stone eventually.
Just like me now and…
just like your father.
My father?
[Gil-ju] Yes.
Your father,
the constellation recorder mage.
Cho Chung!
[tense music playing]
My father was…
a soul shifter?
The four families of Daeho were not
the ones who destroyed your entire family.
Your father ran wild
and murdered everyone.
[nanny] Please, my lady!
You cannot leave here for anything.
If you see your father, just run away.
Please, do not get caught!
Both father and daughter,
taken advantage of, and left to…
be petrified and die.
Is the person
who shifted my father's soul…
the Danju,
Jin Mu as in Cheonbugwan?
Jin Mu is not the true Danju
of our organization.
There is another hidden Danju
who runs everything.
-Then who is that?
-They are someone…
who can prevent you from running wild
because they possess the ice stone.
-So who is that? Who's the real one?
-[roars]
[groaning]
[Gil-ju yelling]
-[Jang Uk grunts]
-[Gil-ju yelps]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok, you're all right?
[groans]
I'll be fine.
[pants]
Go after him. Hurry!
[breathes roughly]
[breathes heavily]
[Mu-deok]
Before that sorcery's poison spreads
throughout my body,
I have to get out of here.
-[dog barking]
-[grunts in pain]
[suspenseful music playing]
[growling, barking]
[Sang-ho] Search the area.
[mage] Yes, sir.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[gasps softly]
There's no one here.
[growling]
But it sensed the energy of sorcery.
Master Heo was right.
That Sapsali was really the Gwigu.
Did the alchemy of souls
really take place here?
What is that?
It was just on the ground.
A Soul Ejector.
Look at this.
This is not
Young Master Jang's binding bracelet?
Why do you think it's here then?
Does this mean Uk was here earlier?
There are signs of a fight.
You don't think
anything happened to him, do you?
Sang-ho, return to Songrim
and report what you saw.
Dang-gu, go back
to the fortress and search for Uk.
-I'll look around here.
-Yeah.
[dramatic music playing]
[men panting]
[grunts]
How did the Songrim mages
know to come out here?
[groans]
[grunts, pants]
[Gil-ju] You're a soul shifter like me.
Naksu, you will also…
turn to stone eventually.
Just like me now,
and just like your father.
[whispers] Father.
[somber music playing]
[Gil-ju] Both father and daughter…
taken advantage of, and left to…
be petrified and die.
[sobs]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[barking]
[dog barking]
[grunts]
[barking continues]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[groans]
[gasps]
[pants]
Why is it you?
Why does it have to be you again?
[somber music playing]
Did you… catch her?
This is Uk's servant, Mu-deok.
She's hurt because of me.
She needs to be treated.
[man 1] Phew, what a day! Not really bad!
Business has been so good today.
[Gil-ju] I need to refill
my energy before I petrify.
-[man 2] Are you done?
-[man 3] Just finished.
[man 2] Ah, come on,
let's go get a drink then. Hurry up!
-[man 3] Let's go.
-[both laugh]
[Gil-ju]
I can't return if I cause a scene.
I need to find somewhere quiet
to take someone's energy.
[ominous music playing]
[Sun-i] Please, step to the side.
Oh, yeah, sorry. Please, go ahead.
Mage.
We can all see right through
what you're trying to do.
You have been following my lady
since we entered the fortress.
[sneaky music playing]
That man has been
following us for a while now.
[Sun-i] You stalked her
all throughout the city and to this inn.
There is a misunderstanding.
We're just going the same way.
Misunderstanding!
You were staring only at my lady
the entire time you were following us!
I was not. No.
[Yun-ok] Sun-i.
That's enough. You're embarrassing him.
Following me all the way to the inn,
puts me in an uncomfortable situation.
If you do not wish me
to find a new inn at such a late hour,
please, go now.
One thing, miss.
What gave you the idea
that I was even following you?
It's not like you owe me
money or anything,
and you're not someone already I know,
so why do you think
I was following you then?
Of course you were,
because my lady is so very pretty--
Sun-i, just shut up for a second.
[bird cawing]
I only want you to answer me.
Uh…
I have had many men follow me
because they found me very attractive.
So I thought…
you were doing the same thing.
Ah.
Incorrect.
Your looks don't impress me.
I wasn't following you,
so you're wrong there, too.
I-If that's true…
I apologize.
Then I'm free to
go up the stairs right now?
-[Sun-i] My lady.
-Huh?
You really must eat something.
[sighs]
Did that scum…
I mean… Do…
Do you dread the possibility
of running into that man again
so you're starving yourself?
That's not why.
I'm just not feeling well.
Change out of those wet clothes.
I'll go and make some porridge for you.
[sighs]
[ominous music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[Yun-ok whimpers]
[breathes heavily]
-[roars]
-[screams]
[sword swishing]
[intense music playing]
[roars]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[pants]
[breathing shakily]
-Are you all right?
-[gasps]
What was that?
That thing?
Was that the thing you were following?
Yes.
I'm just glad you are unhurt, though.
Please, wait.
Thank you for saving me.
If you're feeling unwell,
visit Sejukwon in Songrim.
[Yun-ok] Do you really know Sejukwon?
I am Sejukwon's…
Heo Yun-ok.
[exhales softly]
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
[Mu-deok] Seeing as it's in
your possession instead of your friend's,
I'll take it that
your friend is no longer here.
So then you knew…
who I was this entire time.
[sighs]
[soft music playing]
[groans]
[Gil-ju grunts]
[groans in pain]
-[all gasp]
-[man] What was that?
[groans]
[man] Are you okay?
Hey, are you okay? Are you all right?
T-Try to get up, okay?
Ah, okay, slowly, slowly.
[all exclaim]
I-It's a monster!
-[grunts]
-[man screams]
A soul shifter.
[shouts] Soul shifter!
[all shriek]
[grunts]
[man] Run! Run! Get out of here!
[grunts, breathes heavily]
There is another hidden Danju
who runs everything.
They are someone
who can prevent you from running wild.
[Jang Uk] All right, show me
where your Danju is then.
Gil-ju's gone missing?
After he tried to chase
Jang Uk's servant, we lost track of him.
Jang Uk's servant? Why?
Why would he go after her?
In truth, he has been following
Jang Uk for quite a while now.
The Songrim Spirit Plaque
that Naksu had was in fact Jang Uk's.
I believe that he went after Jang Uk
because he thought
he was connected to Naksu.
You should have told me
as soon as you knew!
He ordered me not to.
I thought he wanted to find
evidence before reporting to you.
Order all of the mages
in Cheonbugwan to search for him.
[Heo Yeom] You found Uk's binding bracelet
in the same place as the alchemy of souls?
Dang-gu is looking for Master Jang.
And Young Master Seo is searching
around the temple.
-So, those children were also there, then?
-[Sang-ho] Yes.
With his abilities, I doubt that
Uk is capable of the alchemy of souls.
Master Lee,
what if someone took over
his body using sorcery?
You have nothing to worry about.
I'm sure he's fine.
That girl will certainly protect him.
By the way,
where did our leader run off to
in the midst of this chaos, huh?
Before Uk was ever born…
close to about 20 years ago…
did Jang Gang
perform the alchemy of souls?
[thunder rumbles]
[exhales sharply]
Cheonbugwan's Gwanju performing sorcery?
[chuckles] That is absolutely absurd.
Jin Mu told me all about it.
I couldn't bear to hear it from his mouth,
so I came to you instead.
Madam Do-hwa…
was indeed once concerned about it.
The Gwanju seemed to have
an interest in strange spells.
But it was only…
for a brief amount of time.
For nearly a year, he was hardly home,
and would spend hours
with Jin Mu practicing spells.
However,
after Do-hwa was pregnant
with the Young Master, he soon stopped.
[Gang] The child that
Do-hwa has given birth to
is the son of the late king.
The late king
died from an illness so severe that,
in his final days, he couldn't even move.
So how is that possible?
With the alchemy of souls,
it would have been possible.
It was nothing more…
than a mage's fleeting curiosity.
[Jin] It wasn't.
Against Do-hwa…
and Uk as well.
Jang Gang had committed
an unforgivable crime.
A mage from Jeongjingak is here,
urgently searching for the young master.
[suspenseful music playing]
You were here as well, my lord?
What is it?
Ugh, I'm afraid…
Uk's fallen victim
to the alchemy of souls.
What?
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
[ominous music playing]
[Jang Uk] That's Cheonbugwan.
Could the real Danju be in Cheonbugwan?
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
This goes straight to the royal palace.
Is it possible that
the real Danju is in the palace?
[Gil-ju] I am here from Cheonbugwan.
[soldier] More business tonight,
I take it.
[Gil-ju breathing heavily]
Show me your face.
[Gil-ju] This is urgent. Move aside.
Take off your hood and show me your face!
[suspenseful music playing]
[all yell]
[screams in pain]
[men grunting]
A soul shifter.
[soldier] Go!
[passer-by exclaims]
[yelling]
[Gil-ju grunts]
-[grunts in pain]
-[passer-by exclaims]
[dramatic music playing]
[yells]
[Gil-ju growls]
[Gil-ju groans]
[breathes heavily]
[water splashes]
[intense music playing]
[breathes heavily]
[Jang Uk] The real Danju is
inside the palace then.
The ice stone, was it?
That's the name of it, right?
I'll find it, and prevent her
from sharing your fate.
[roars]
[grunts]
[Gil-ju body crackling]
[somber music playing]
[man 1] He's alive?
[indistinct chatter]
[all exclaim fearfully]
[birds chirping]
He tried to enter the palace
while running wild.
So, did you and your men kill him?
[soldier] We didn't dare to.
An unknown mage suddenly appeared
and he used magic to kill him.
Which family was he from?
Did you see his face?
He had it covered
by a blue cloth, I couldn't.
However, I know the spell he used.
[water splashes]
It was Tansu.
-Tansu, you say?
-[soldier] Yes, I'm certain it was Tansu.
He flicked his energy with his sword.
[Jin Mu]
Tansu was Naksu's signature skill.
What other mages use that ability?
I heard that you caught
a soul shifter who ran wild.
We came here to see
with our own eyes who it was.
Of course. Please see it for yourself.
[sighs in relief]
This man…
is Gil-ju, isn't he? One of yours.
So? It is.
Bring his body inside. Send everyone away.
Yes, lord.
[Jin] Jin Mu was with me
when the alchemy of souls was performed.
He seems just as perplexed.
He wasn't aware
about this soul shifter, either.
Since this incident occurred within
Cheonbugwan, I will investigate it.
Songrim should not intervene.
Of course.
However, if you need our aid,
do not hesitate to ask us.
[Sun] Another soul shifter was found
running wild?
Fortunately, he was caught
and eventually petrified.
Did they identify the soul shifter?
It was a mage from Cheonbugwan.
The mage Gil-ju.
[Sun] Gil-ju turned into a soul shifter?
Then he was caught here in Cheonbugwan?
He was caught right
in front of the palace, my king.
He tried to enter the palace
after he was already running wild.
He tried to get into the palace?
[eunuch] Yes. But before he could,
a mage appeared
and subdued him using Tansu, sire.
And do we know who this mage was?
[thrilling music playing]
The person who killed
Gil-ju had to be Naksu.
-[indistinct background chatter]
-[man 1] Naksu? Really?
Naksu has really returned!
-[man 1] Naksu came back?
-[man 2] The assassin Naksu?
That mage last night who appeared
in front of the palace had to use
Tansu to stop him.
-The very same skill that Naksu uses!
-[exclaiming]
[chattering]
Hang on! Just a moment!
Isn't Naksu dead?
[man 1] He's right. She is dead.
She has to be dead. Everyone
in this city watched her body burn.
Even I saw it with my own two eyes.
So what do you say?
[woman] Yeah, he's right.
Her body may have burned,
but her soul is still here.
The Shadow Assassin, Naksu,
must have returned as a soul shifter!
-[indistinct chattering]
-What?
But Naksu is a woman, isn't she?
They're saying a man killed Gil-ju.
He was a tall, young man
who had a blue cloth covering his face.
Naksu shifted her soul, didn't she?
She could have shifted
into that tall man's body.
[gasps] Ah!
Then she could have become even stronger.
Naksu was already so powerful.
Now she's pretty much invincible,
now that she's shifted
into a much stronger body.
She must have murdered Gil-ju
in order to get her revenge on Cheonbugwan
for burning her body and killing her men.
Why us though…
when it was actually Songrim
that killed Naksu?
So, then "Naksu, who has returned
as this invincible being
dressed in blue cloth,
has set her next target as Songrim".
At least, that's the rumor
that I've overheard there.
It's been less than half a day
since they were captured,
and already
people are spreading such lies.
Rumors like that spread
like wildfire and are often exaggerated.
But that rumor isn't without some truth.
They're saying that the mage
who killed Gil-ju used Tansu,
and that's the skill Naksu used to use.
Who says that Naksu is
the only one who can use Tansu?
[Heo Yeom grumbles]
That's the skill that even I could master
if I wanted to right now.
Oh, but… [sighs]
If I ever hear such rumors in Songrim,
I will assume that
you were the one who spread them, Dang-gu.
[Jin] So don't let it happen.
[Dang-gu] Sir.
At least, I can be relieved
that the dead soul shifter
was not the Young Master.
But then, why were his items found
all the way up there?
-[sighs]
-We will have our answer once we find him.
Oh, you don't look so good.
[exhales] So…
please, go home and wait for Jang Uk.
[chuckles]
[maid Kim sighs]
[whimsical music playing]
[Jin] Do you feel unwell?
I was so surprised
that last night's honey biscuits
have been giving me indigestion.
[coughs]
When I had heard that
the Young Master's soul had been shifted,
my soul shifted in and out of my own body.
[sighs]
Did your soul really return here?
Is that really you?
No, my lord. I'm Maidservant Park.
Maybe then,
I could smack Young Master Park
for scaring me like that.
-[Jin smacks lips]
-[sighs]
You can hit me instead.
For Maidservant Park, of course.
Go on and hit me.
Maid Park has quite a good arm.
Even someone like you can get hurt by it.
I promise that I won't whine
if it ends up hurting,
so go on and hit me.
[maid Kim] Oh!
This means that you now owe me.
What do you mean?
Are you going to do something to upset me?
If that's the case,
please, just take it back.
Hit me once so we're even.
Go on. Hit me!
Go ahead and hit me.
[exclaims]
I don't want…
[soft music playing]
…to ever see you get hurt.
There is so much that I need to protect,
so I may have to be harsh
and ruthless from time to time.
But I do promise you
I never wish to hurt you.
Are you then troubled
of what you asked me yesterday?
About Master Jang Gang?
There's been a lot of disorder lately.
And I have failed to be impartial
as the current leader of Songrim.
But after you hit me,
I've come to my senses.
And now will resolve
the problems critically, too.
So, turn into Maidservant Park and…
hit me every now and then, would you?
I will…
allow that for you.
[both chuckles softly]
Oh.
What are you doing here?
I was ordered to find
the origin of the sorcery.
Then I found this out here.
Ah, I must have left that behind.
Do you not need the binding bracelet?
No. I guess I'm fine now.
I can't believe I almost lost
another Jin family treasure.
Thank you for finding it.
You also left something else behind.
Did you forget about Mu-deok?
Mu-deok you said?
I found her hiding in the forest.
Injured. Lost quite a bit of blood.
[Jang Uk exhales]
[sighs]
Mu-deok.
Ah, Young Master. Come on.
How could you dare run off
and leave me all on my own?
What?
Hey, you just selfishly ran away
and left me to fend for myself.
[whispers]
Just play along. Play along!
[bird cawing]
Right, I did. Yeah, I, uh, I ran away.
Yeah.
We came to shelter from the rain
and we were unlucky
to witness the sorcery.
But because you ran off
leaving me to my own devices,
I almost got ripped apart
by that soul shifter.
I'm sorry, Mu-deok.
I was just so scared, and I wasn't even
thinking when I ran to save my own life.
[laughs awkwardly]
Yul thought Mu-deok was
the soul shifter and he nearly killed her.
If he hadn't treated her right away,
she would have died.
Oh, Yul, you--
Wow, you rescued Mu-deok, and you…
and you even treated her.
That was kind! Wow!
Did you really run away
and leave her behind?
If I'd fought, I'm sure
I would just have died.
We need to be a bit selfish sometimes.
[Jang Uk] Why are you staring?
Don't you agree?
Regardless, I'm all right
and you're fine as well, Young Master.
So, it's all fine.
[Jang Uk sighs]
I heard you were hiding in Danhyanggok.
Did you hear that our leader
held Songrim accountable
for your own dishonor?
Oh, this old man.
Why would he do that
if I'm not allowed into Songrim?
The duel with the Crown Prince
is in about two weeks.
[mage]
Until then, just stay out of the fortress,
and don't create any more trouble.
Continue to lie low.
[sniffs]
[sighs]
Thank you very much
for treating my injury.
Uk seems fine
without the binding bracelet on him.
I suppose he can control
his energy on his arm now.
Once again, he risked his life
and got exactly what he had wanted.
Once again, you're with him.
If I'm such a bother to you,
you should have just left me to die then.
Next time…
I might have to do just that.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
Yes. Coming, Young Master.
Let's go now.
[Seo Yul] Uk is fine. He's not injured.
I'm glad.
Did you happen to see who was with Gil-ju
when he shifted his soul?
That person probably was
the one with the blue cloth.
He said he was focused on running.
He didn't see anyone.
What about Jang Uk's servant then?
She might have witnessed
the spell he used.
Mu-deok…
probably wouldn't even know
what she was looking at.
After all, she's nothing
more than an ordinary servant.
What is wrong with your hand?
How did it get injured?
When I touched the Soul Ejector,
some of the poison burned me.
Honestly, I'm fine.
Would you please excuse me?
[somber music playing]
[Dang-gu clears throat]
So what do you want from me this time?
I heard my wedding gifts
arrived the other day,
and that you had taken them,
Young Master Park.
Why?
Were you worried I might lash out
and destroy them if I saw them all?
I can keep them stored for you
and then give them back
to you at your next wedding.
Just throw them away.
I'll never get married
to anyone, not after this.
You don't have to be
embarrassed by any of this.
This time, your marriage was
arranged in secret,
so how many people can know about it?
You-- You think so?
Mm.
-[lady 1] Cho-yeon! Hey!
-[lady 2] Cho-yeon!
Cho-yeon! I heard
you're getting married again.
Did I hear right that
you already bought wedding gifts
and hired a craftsman to make your rings.
It seems people have found out.
-[giggling]
-[lady 2] Congrats!
-Congratulations, Young Master Park.
-[giggles]
-What? Me?
-I heard you two are getting married.
He's the one who accepted
the wedding gifts,
and went with you to pick up your rings.
That true?
There was an absurd rumor floating
around that you are marrying Uk again.
But that's not true, right?
You're marrying Young Master Park, right?
Yes, that's true.
Uh, but could you keep quiet for now?
It's still a secret.
-[giggles]
-Sure.
See you later.
See! I told you it had to be Dang-gu.
-[lady 2] She's not crazy…
-[giggling]
Young Master Park,
why did you tell them
we were getting married?
Instead of you
being rejected by him twice,
let's say that you were the one
who dumped me this time.
After all, it will just be a rumor.
Would you be all right doing that?
You'll end up being embarrassed.
That will be fine by me.
[reminiscent music playing]
Filthy Mu-deok?
Are you back here again?
Are you all right?
Pardon?
Never mind. You can go.
Are you looking for Mu-deok again, sire?
No, I'm not.
Her dress just looked familiar to me.
Ah!
Mu-deok sold us that dress a few days ago.
-She sold that dress to you?
-Yes.
She said some thoughtless,
young men had given it to her.
She sold the dress saying that
he was well-off and wouldn't want it back.
Did filthy Mu-deok
really say that about it?
Yes. Filthy Mu-deok and silk
do not pair well after all, of course.
Watch what you say about her.
Sorry?
Filthy Mu-deok is my name for her.
Only I can call her that.
Don't call her that.
Uh, I'm sorry, sire.
Also…
Filthy Mu-deok wore it surprisingly well.
At least, she looked
better than you in that blue shawl.
This must be much uglier than I thought.
What is it?
When I came in, I noticed
that everyone is wearing one.
This is the cloth that Naksu wore.
Whose cloth?
The soul shifter Naksu killed
in front of the palace
was a mage from Cheonbugwan.
Supposedly, she wore
a blue cloth just like this one.
Wearing a blue cloth has become
quite a trend throughout the fortress.
[thrilling music playing]
Come! Come buy Naksu's blue cloth.
[indistinct chattering]
[merchant]
It can even block the alchemy of souls!
[woman] Oh my, let me see.
[laughs]
[indistinct chattering]
[Seo Yul] The soul shifter in blue, Naksu.
Even the people are certain
to think Naksu is back.
But of course, thanks to
the appearance of the Naksu in Blue,
they're not talking about
Uk's match with the Prince.
I wonder where Uk and Mu-deok have gone.
They didn't go back to Danhyanggok.
I'm sure they're somewhere safe.
They'll return… at least for the fight.
Uh, by the way…
I got one too. Do you want to try it on?
[sighs softly]
[Dang-gu] Hmm…
Wow!
Who do you think they are?
This Naksu in Blue
who uses Tansu just like her,
wearing a blue cloth?
Hmm.
[Jang Uk] You said this is
the grave site of soul shifters, right?
Then he must be down there as well.
Your father, I mean.
As a little girl,
I thought he was unjustly murdered
by the mages of the four families.
When Jin Mu took me in,
I served him as the Danju.
But now…
it turned out that my own father
practiced sorcery, and…
they just abandoned me after they used me.
It will be just like what Gil-ju said,
I'll eventually run wild like him.
Once I turn to stone…
will you bury me here like the others?
He said something about the real Danju
and I found where the real Danju is now.
The palace. They're in the palace.
[Jin] Please tell me
what you know about the ice stone.
Are you certain
that the ice stone
known to have been destroyed
by Master Seo Gyeong 200 years ago
has truly been rid
from this world, Hemp Master Lee?
Is it at all possible…
it's still in Songrim?
It is good to see you, Danju.
[suspenseful music playing]
Gil-ju was in search of the ice stone
and went to the palace
to request an audience with me.
I wasn't aware
that Gil-ju knew the truth
about you being the real Danju.
[queen] Soon comes the day
the Choi family regains power,
and Songrim which caused
our family's downfall will be destroyed.
And the entire kingdom
of Daeho will be under my control.
I, too, have been waiting
for that day to come.
We must find the person who followed
Gil-ju to the palace before killing him.
He must have known that
Gil-ju was after the ice stone,
and followed him to the palace,
hoping to find the stone.
If that individual knows
that the ice stone is in the palace,
you must go and find them,
and then you must kill them.
I don't know who it is,
but he said
the real Danju is in the palace
with the ice stone which could prevent
a soul shifter from ever running wild.
Are you suggesting we break into
the palace and search for the Danju?
It is impossible at my current level.
I'm just a low-skilled mage
who was rejected by Jeongjingak.
However, I'll keep improving.
I'll keep climbing
until I reach the palace.
Master.
I will find…
the ice stone for you.
Jang Uk.
I am not a master
who is strong enough to pull you up,
and I'm not strong enough
to support you even from the bottom.
It's not like you've ever really
encouraged me or supported me, either.
You'd rather push me to my death.
[scoffs]
But as you pushed me and pushed me,
I found I've reached a new level
I could never even imagine.
So please, stay by my side,
and keep pushing me that way.
Fine.
I will continue to stay by your side,
but if you stop, I'll push you to death.
[soft music playing]
[scoffs]
[chuckles softly]
[sighs]
I'll go find Uk and make sure
he doesn't come to the duel, just in case.
There's no need.
If he does intend
to show his face at the duel,
do not stop him.
This is a legitimate duel
between two mages.
No one is allowed to intervene
if one of them were to die.
If he ends up dying during the fight,
then there's nothing we can do.
So you won't stop it then?
Uk's accepted the duel
on behalf of Songrim
as it was agreed upon by the Assembly.
Whether he runs away dishonorably,
or honorably fights to his death,
I will simply watch over
whatever happens as Songrim's leader.
[tense music playing]
[solemn music playing]
[eunuch] Now presenting the king,
and queen of Daeho!
[dramatic music playing]
One month ago,
Go Won of the royal house Go
had sent the eldest son
of the Jang family, Jang Uk,
a challenge to a duel.
And Songrim received
the challenge on Uk's behalf.
Any mage who signs
the agreement to the duel
is unable to hold
their opponent responsible
for anything that could happen,
even if this duel ends in their death.
The duel will commence
right at twelve o'clock.
If he does not arrive by noon,
it will be considered his defeat.
You should mention
his punishment that he'll receive
if he ends up forfeiting the duel.
If Jang Uk forfeits the duel
to the Prince and does not appear,
Jang Uk's right to become
the next Gwanju of Cheonbugwan…
will be stripped.
[gasps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jin Mu] Yeom-su.
What are those over there for?
[Yeom-su] They're just jars
filled with water.
Filled with water?
[percussive music playing]
Excuse me, sir, it's now noon.
Close the doors to the Training Center.
I will announce…
that Jang Uk has forfeited.
[suspenseful music playing]
Close the doors.
[upbeat music playing]
[Dang-gu stutters] Uh, Jang Uk--
Jang Uk's just entered!
Young Master…
[dramatic music playing]
[scoffs]
[suspenseful music playing]
Young Master.
I'll be fine for sure.
JANG UK
[gasps]
Now that you've signed
the challenge contract,
even if you die during the duel,
no one may intervene.
I am aware of that.
Mother.
Use our family's plaque
to put a stop to this duel.
If he battles the Crown Prince,
Jang Uk is going to die.
He showed up here
because he is ready to die.
[breathes heavily]
Your marriage no longer matters.
Whether he dies or not,
it's no longer our concern.
[exhales deeply]
The duel may commence.
[action music playing]
[action music continues playing]
[Mu-deok] At first, you must only defend.
If you try to face him head-on
at your current skill level,
you'll certainly die.
You must wait and bide
your time for the moment
he loses his concentration.
[suspenseful music playing]
[sword chimes]
He should have placed them
where I asked him to.
Master Lee, you went to Songrim
from time to time, right?
Yes. And?
I have a favor to ask you.
Would you be able to put
some water in the Training Center
so he can use Tansu in the duel?
[swords clanging]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[Jin Mu] It is very suspicious
that those jars have been placed there.
Go and break them.
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts]
Young Master.
[thrilling music playing]
Tansu?
[loud chime]
[gasps]
Huh?
[Jin] The match…
has ended.
[sighs in relief]
You must have cheated. It's a sham.
[Jin Mu] What he just performed was Tansu.
A skill that only those
who have reached Chisu are able to do.
How can someone
whose gate was just opened use Tansu?
I have no doubt
that a master among us has helped him.
[Heo Yeom] Listen! All the mages
gathered today saw everything.
How could anyone have helped him?
Don't be so pig-headed!
[Jin Mu] Jang Uk, why don't you tell us?
Could you have really managed
to learn Tansu so quickly
without first mastering Chisu?
No, it's not like that.
I still don't know how to gather energy,
so I can only use Tansu
if I have water around, sir.
I was only able to learn
how to flick water with it.
But then who is your master
that taught you that?
You must have a master
who taught you how to use that ability.
I don't have one.
[scoffs]
Look at him.
He's delusional
if he thinks that he can claim that
he learned the technique without a master.
[exhales]
Earlier today, I spotted some water jars
that someone had placed for him.
Who was willing to put them there for you?
Could it be your master?
I trained all on my own without masters.
Tell me the truth right now!
[Jin] Jang Uk, explain yourself.
Who's been helping you learn
how to cast spells all this time?
[tense music playing]
[Master Lee] I did.
I'm the one who was with him.
Everything Jang Uk just said
is the absolute truth.
And who are you?
How dare you try to intervene?
Shut your mouth!
That man is the former pupil
of Master Seo Gyeong,
the Great Master Lee Cheol!
All of you, show some respect!
Oh, uh… Master.
I witnessed everything while
he was living with me in Danhyanggok.
Every day, he's practiced
flicking water droplets with his sword.
And the only one at his side…
was no one other than his young servant.
[Jin] Master Lee has vouched for Jang Uk.
Do you have any further objections?
[mages applauding]
-[indistinct chattering]
-[mage] Incredible!
-[sighs in relief]
-[huffs]
[sighs]
[soft music playing]
Let us go, Your Majesty.
[mage] I knew he can do it.
Bring Jang Uk into Cheonbugwan somehow.
[ominous music playing]
[laughs softly]
The only son of the Gwanju
Jang Gang is truly incredible.
And since you have no master,
Cheonbugwan will be
more than happy to take you in.
[Heo Yeom] What kind of nonsense
are you saying?
If you really think about it,
I should be his master.
After all, I'm the one who opened
his gate and gave him my energy.
Uk, come to Sejukwon.
I promise
I will teach you everything, huh?
[Ho-gyeong] How about coming to Jinyowon?
Since you and Cho-yeon were once engaged,
we will consider you as family
and teach you our own techniques.
Jang Uk.
If you wish to still join Jeongjingak…
we'll accept you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
They're all asking me to go join them.
Where should I go now?
[suspenseful music continues playing]
You should join Songrim
for the time being,
Young Master.
I, Jang Uk of the Jang family,
choose to join Songrim's Jeongjingak.
[closing theme music playing]
Young Master has become
a mage of Jeongjingak.
There will be a welcome party
-for our new fellow mage, Jang Uk.
-[mages cheer, applaud]
I hate your master so much.
It is gut-wrenching.
Oh, of course you do.
[yelling]
If they look elsewhere, then let them.
Please let me in.
Mu-deok.
[Mu-deok] I will not be separated
from my Young Master.
For now, go home and wait.
[male servant] Young Master Jang snuck out
and has come home.
Look! Young Master! Just wait there.
-[Mu-deok] I'll be there soon, too.
-I found the exam papers.
[Mu-deok] Please tell Young Master Jang,
no matter what happens,
I will come to find him in Songrim.
[Jang Uk] I need to find Mu-deok.
I'll fight harder.
[chuckles softly]